Update Phylogenetics.md (#15)
cran-task-views/Phylogenetics: Phylogenetics.md

- `r pkg("ape")` can compute tree-tree distances and also create a plot showing two trees with links between associated tips.
- `r pkg("dendextend")` can evaluate multiple measures comparing dendrograms.

### Phylogenetic summary statistics

> - `r pkg("treestats")` is a wide collection of tree statistics, optimized for fast calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `r pkg("treestats")` can be used to calculate a wide collection of tree statistics, optimized for fast calculation.
```

- `r pkg("nLTT")` is specialized in calculating and visualising the nLTT statistic.
- `r pkg("castor")` contains fast calculation of the Gamma, Colless and Sackin statistic.

> - `r pkg("phyloTop")` is a collection of pattern based summary statistics (e.g. ladders, stairs, cherries, pitchforks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `r pkg("phyloTop")` can be used to calculate a collection of pattern based summary statistics (e.g. ladders, stairs, cherries, pitchforks).
```

> - `r pkg("treebalance")` is a collection of summary statistics focusing on measuring (im)balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `r pkg("treebalance")` can be used to calculate a collection of summary statistics focusing on measuring (im)balance.
```

- `r pkg("RPANDA")` can compute Laplacian spectrum associated statistics.
- `r pkg("picante")` can compute community level summary statistics, such as mpd, mntd and psv.
- `r github("Leonardini/treeCentrality")` can compute several statistics inspired from network science.

> - `r pkg("apTreeshape")` can compute Aldous' Beta, Colless and Sackin.

Reviewer: apTreeshape is no longer being maintained (and has been removed from CRAN)
```suggestion
```

- `r pkg("TreeSim")` can be used to simulate trees using constant-rate birth-death with various constraints.
- `r pkg("phytools")` can simulate birth-death trees with various constraints, in both continuous and discrete time.
- `r pkg("geiger")` can be used to simulate trees under a birth-death process.

> - `r pkg("DDD")` can used to simulate trees under a diversity-dependent diversification process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `r pkg("DDD")` can be used to simulate trees under a diversity-dependent diversification process.
```
